ACP2E-3952: [Documentation] FTP are supported in GraqhQL under cart.items.prices.fixed_product_taxes (#439)
AdobeDocs/commerce-webapi: src/pages/graphql/schema/cart/queries/cart.md

                "grand_total": {
                    "currency": "USD",
                    "value": 125,
                    "__typename": "Money"
                },
                "subtotal_excluding_tax": {
                    "currency": "USD",
                    "value": 100,
                    "__typename": "Money"
                },
                "subtotal_including_tax": {
                    "currency": "USD",
                    "value": 120,
                    "__typename": "Money"
                },
                "gift_options": {
                    "printed_card": {
                        "value": 0,
                        "currency": "USD",
                        "__typename": "Money"
                    },
                    "__typename": "GiftOptionsPrices"
                },
                "__typename": "CartPrices"
            },
            "applied_gift_cards": [],
            "__typename": "Cart"
        }
    }
}
```

Note that Fixed Product Tax information appears under `cart.items.prices.fixed_product_taxes` rather than in the `applied_taxes` section. The FPT amount is included in the `subtotal_including_tax` and `grand_total` values.

> For more details about cart item prices and FPT fields in the schema, see the [CartItemPrices](../../../../../../static/graphql-api/2.4.7/index.html#definition-CartItemPrices) reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details about cart item prices and FPT fields in the schema, see the [CartItemPrices](https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/webapi/graphql-api/index.html#definition-CartItemPrices) reference.
```
